## Short

Scott Spence is a developer relations engineer with expertise in
headless CMS platforms, specializing in Svelte and SvelteKit. They're
an experienced conference speaker and digital content specialist,
producing engaging content to educate the Svelte community.

## Medium

Scott Spence, a skilled and dedicated developer relations engineer who
creates video content to support their extensive knowledge on headless
CMS platforms, with a special focus on Svelte and SvelteKit.

They're an experienced international conference speaker and meetup
presenter, connecting with and educating others in the Svelte
community.

Their blog receives around 16k visitors and 30k views monthly,
showcasing their ability to produce engaging and informative content.
They're always looking for ways to improve their skills and give back
to the community.

## Long

Scott Spence is a results-oriented developer relations engineer with
almost 5 years of commercial experience in working in development
teams delivering projects, specializing in Svelte. With over 6 years
of experience in using JavaScript, HTML, and CSS, and commercial
experience in using frameworks like Svelte and React, they bring a
wealth of knowledge to the table.

As a developer relations engineer, they specialize in creating video
content to support their extensive knowledge on headless CMS
platforms, with a focus on Svelte. They're an experienced
international conference speaker and meetup presenter, connecting with
and educating others in the Svelte community.

Their blog receives around 16k visitors and 30k views monthly,
showcasing their ability to produce engaging and informative content.
With a track record of success in previous senior-level Analyst
Developer roles specializing in Microsoft Office automation for large
financial organizations, they have a keen eye for detail and a passion
for excellence.

In their spare time, they attend industry events related to Svelte,
participate in educational opportunities, and stay up-to-date with the
latest trends in technology. They're a dedicated professional, always
looking for ways to improve their skills and give back to the
community.
