## Short

Scott is a Svelte ambassador, developer relations engineer, and
international conference speaker with a passion for creating video
content and educating others on Svelte and SvelteKit. They're also an
experienced technical writer, producing engaging blog content to
connect with the Svelte community.

## Medium

Meet Scott, the developer relations engineer and Svelte ambassador who
creates engaging video content on headless CMS platforms, with a
special focus on Svelte and SvelteKit.

As an experienced international conference speaker and meetup
presenter, they're passionate about connecting with and educating
others in the Svelte community.

Their informative blog, (receiving around 12k visitors and 25k views
monthly) showcases their commitment to giving back to the community.

## Long

Scott, the skilled and dedicated developer relations engineer with
almost 5 years of commercial experience in working in development
teams delivering projects. With over 6 years of experience in using
JavaScript, HTML, and CSS, and commercial experience in using
frameworks like Svelte and React, they bring a wealth of knowledge to
the table.

As a Svelte ambassador, they are passionate about creating video
content to support their extensive knowledge on headless CMS
platforms, with a special focus on Svelte and SvelteKit. They are also
an international conference speaker and experienced meetup presenter,
connecting with and educating others in the Svelte community.

Their blog receives around 12k visitors and 25k views monthly,
showcasing their ability to produce engaging and informative content.
They are always looking for new ways to give back to the Svelte
community and share their expertise. Prior to their work as a
JavaScript developer, they worked as a senior-level Analyst Developer
specializing in Microsoft Office automation for large financial
organizations.

In their spare time, they enjoy staying up-to-date with the latest
trends in technology, attending industry events related to Svelte and
SvelteKit, and participating in educational opportunities. They are a
dedicated professional, always looking for ways to improve their
skills and give back to the community.
